# Todo-list
## Description
In this project I had to implement a basic ToDo web application which allows to organize tasks in different projects. edit tasks and projects and delete them. I've decided to add some features to the app like organizing tasks by day, week and show those with High Priority. All tasks and projects needed to be stored in localStorage so everytime the browser is been opened, datas are not getting lost.
## Struggle Points
I found this project very hard. The first problem i had was to figure out the logic of the project. Which functions go in that specific module? How to organize modules correctly? Some of those questions are been solved just coding and going forward in building the project but I still think there s a big margin of improvement on this side. Another big struggle I had was declaring variable. More the project was getting long and more was hard to rememember if I already have assigned the same variable to an other element, or an ID or a class with the same name. I went through a lot of debugging, which costed me a lot of time and energies, so I'll go more deep in study on how to debug properly keeping in mind the use of webpack. Last but not least it was good to always keep in mind the structure of my objects and how to manipulate them. I've discovered new array methods which helped a lot solving big problems of iteration and manipulation.
## Conclusion
As said this project for my skills at the moment was very hard but at the same time was very fun to build. It help a lot discovering new things like methods, date and for the first time the use of external library like date-fns for dates manipulation. At the end I'm really satisfied about the result even if I know that code could be much more cleaner and files more organized. The app works as I wanted so I'm thinking in the future to come back to this project to improve it 
### Live preview
[Live Preview Here](https://eligio93.github.io/todo-list/)